[AIOPS-2685] Chart upload verification option (#4)
TechnologyBrewery/helm-maven-plugin: README.md

- `helm:init` initializes Helm by downloading a specific version
- `helm:dependency-build` resolves the chart dependencies

> - `helm:dependency-update` verifies that the required charts are present

Author: adding this was missed by previous work

> - `helm:dependency-update` verifies that the required charts are present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `helm:dependency-update` verifies that the required chart dependencies are present
```

`<addDefaultRepo>` | boolean | helm.init.add-default-repo | true | If true, stable repo (<https://charts.helm.sh/stable>) will be added
`<addUploadRepos>` | boolean | helm.init.add-upload-repos | false | If true, upload repos (uploadRepoStable, uploadRepoSnapshot) will be added, if configured
`<skip>` | boolean | helm.skip          | false | skip plugin execution
`<skipInit>` | boolean | helm.init.skip     | false | skip init goal
`<skipLint>` | boolean | helm.lint.skip     | false | skip lint goal
`<skipTemplate>` | boolean | helm.template.skip | false | skip template goal. Default value is true due to the dry-run goal
`<skipDryRun>` | boolean | helm.dry-run.skip  | false | skip dry-run goal
`<skipDependencyBuild>` | boolean | helm.dependency-build.skip | false | skip dependency-build goal
`<skipDependencyUpdate>` | boolean | helm.dependency-update.skip | false | skip dependency-update goal
`<skipPackage>` | boolean | helm.package.skip  | false | skip package goal
`<skipUpload>` | boolean | helm.upload.skip   | false | skip upload goal
`<insecure>` | boolean | helm.upload.insecure | false | Skip tls certificate checks for the chart upload.

> `<uploadVerification>` | boolean | helm.upload.verification | false | verify if chart was uploaded to the remote repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<uploadVerification>` | boolean | helm.upload.verification | false | wait for the chart to be added to the repository index before continuing
```

> `<uploadVerificationTimeout>` | Integer | helm.upload.timeout | false | set the timeout limit (in seconds) for verification to be attempted

Author: this is the only real change to this file, the rest are weird spacing changes by IntelliJ

Reviewer 2: You might want to fix these spacing changes prior to the merge to the forked repo

Author: fixed!
